{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red103\green103\blue103;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11680\viewh11840\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb200\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Getting started
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx580\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li600\fi-600\sb200\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Double-click the file "collection_ncea.html" to start CAST in your browser.\
{\listtext	2.	}Use the tab \'93NCEA e-books" to select and open one of the CAST e-books that have been customised for use NCEA.\
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb200\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Java
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li280\sb200\pardirnatural
\cf0 Most pages in CAST e-books contain interactive diagrams that are implemented in Java. You may need to download and/or enable Java to see them. When you open a CAST e-book, advice about enabling Java is provided.\
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb200\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Getting started
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li280\sb200\pardirnatural
\cf0 After making sure that you have installed Java, double-clicking the Java program \'93Start_CAST.jar\'94 will start CAST.\
The window that appears shows a list of e-books. (You may need to click a heading to see the e-books in that category.) Click one of these e-books to show it in a separate window.\
\pard\tx532\tx1259\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li252\fi8\sb200\pardirnatural

\b \cf2 Alternative way to start CAST
\b0 \
\pard\tx830\tx1259\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li704\fi-12\sb200\pardirnatural
\cf2 CAST was originally designed to run within a web browser but web browsers are now beginning to drop support for Java. At present, only Firefox, Safari and Internet Explorer still run CAST in this way and even these browsers are likely to drop support for Java in future releases. However the following currently still works.\
\pard\tx830\tx1259\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li704\fi-12\sb200\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	1.	}Install the Firefox browser.\
\pard\tx830\tx1259\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1283\fi-591\sb200\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	2.	}Right-click the file \'93collection_ncea.html\'94 and open it with Firefox. (If Firefox is your default browser, double-clicking it will also start CAST.)\
\pard\tx830\tx1259\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li704\fi-12\sb200\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	3.	}Use one of the "e-books" tabs to select and open one of the CAST e-books.\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb200\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Public e-books
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li280\sb200\pardirnatural
\cf0 The main public e-books in CAST can be accessed by clicking the \'93Public e-books\'94 tab. Much of this material is intended for university-level courses in statistics.\
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb200\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Downloading videos
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li280\sb200\pardirnatural
\cf0 Some introductory e-books contain versions of their pages with videos. By default, the video files are accessed from the CAST server, but the videos for any e-book can be downloaded. If you have started CAST with the program \'93Start_CAST.jar\'94, the Advanced commands at the bottom of the initial window can be used to download the videos needed for any e-book. However beware that the videos are large files and downloading them will take a long time.\
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb200\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Extra e-books
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li280\sb200\pardirnatural
\cf0 Various additional CAST e-books have been written and can be individually downloaded. The Advanced commands at the bottom of the initial window can be used to find and install additional e-books.\
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb200\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Writing your own e-book
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li280\sb200\pardirnatural
\cf0 The Advanced commands can also be used to create customised e-books. A help page is provided in the program with instructions and advice about customising an e-book.}